serviceNow fix create-co-from-template (#38189)
demisto/content: Packs/ServiceNow/ReleaseNotes/2_7_5.md

#### Integrations

##### ServiceNow v2

> Fixed an issue in the `create-co-from-template` function. The bug occurred when the default value for `Priority` was set to `None`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed an issue in the ***servicenow-create-co-from-template*** command. The bug occurred when the default value for `Priority` was set to `None`.
```
